Source Salesforce: turn on default HttpAvailabilityStrategy (#22636)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/salesforce.md

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                                                                          |
|:--------|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 2.0.3   | 2023-02-15 | [22636](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22636) | Turn on default HttpAvailabilityStrategy for RestSalesforceStream                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2.0.3   | 2023-02-15 | [22636](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/22636) | Turn on default HttpAvailabilityStrategy for all streams that are not of class BulkSalesforceStream                                               |
```
